Add Search Nodes Description in the Creating a Cluster Page (#4597)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _tuning-your-cluster/index.md

Data | Stores and searches data. Performs all data-related operations (indexing, searching, aggregating) on local shards. These are the worker nodes of your cluster and need more disk space than any other node type. | As you add data nodes, keep them balanced between zones. For example, if you have three zones, add data nodes in multiples of three, one for each zone. We recommend using storage and RAM-heavy nodes.
Ingest | Pre-processes data before storing it in the cluster. Runs an ingest pipeline that transforms your data before adding it to an index. | If you plan to ingest a lot of data and run complex ingest pipelines, we recommend you use dedicated ingest nodes. You can also optionally offload your indexing from the data nodes so that your data nodes are used exclusively for searching and aggregating.
Coordinating | Delegates client requests to the shards on the data nodes, collects and aggregates the results into one final result, and sends this result back to the client. | A couple of dedicated coordinating-only nodes is appropriate to prevent bottlenecks for search-heavy workloads. We recommend using CPUs with as many cores as you can.

> Search  | Provides access to [Searchable Snapshots]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot/). Incorporates techniques like caching frequently used data segments and removing the least used to access index `remote_snapshot` (stored in remote long-term storage source, for example AWS S3 or GCS). | The index allocated in Search nodes is a cache to Snapshots. For this reason, we recommend dedicated nodes with a setup that privileges more computing (CPUs and Memory) than large space storage (Hard Disk).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Search  | Provides access to [searchable snapshots]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot/). Incorporates techniques like caching frequently used and removing the least used data segments to access the searchable snapshot index (stored in remote long-term storage source, for example AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage). | The index allocated in search nodes is a cache to snapshots. Thus, we recommend dedicated nodes with a setup that prefers more computing (CPUs and memory) than large space storage (hard disk).
```

Author: adopted!

> Search  | Provides access to [searchable snapshots]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/tuning-your-cluster/availability-and-recovery/snapshots/searchable_snapshot/). Incorporates techniques like caching frequently used and removing the least used data segments to access the searchable snapshot index (stored in remote long-term storage source, for example AWS S3 or Google Cloud Storage). | The index allocated in search nodes is a cache to snapshots. Thus, we recommend dedicated nodes with a setup that prefers more computing (CPUs and memory) than large space storage (hard disk).

Author: adopted! :)
